---
layout: default_posts
title: 2017&#58; A Year in Review
image: 
meta: 2017 is nearly over and a ton of things have gone down! Read about all the things that happened this year and get a sneak peak of what's to come!
description: 2017 is nearly over and a ton of things have gone down! Read about all the things that happened this year and get a sneak peak of what's to come!
category: Yearly Review
custom_css:
- lity
custom_js:
- jquery
- jquery.scrollex.min
- jquery.scrolly.min
- skel.min
- util
- main
- lity
---
<h1 class="major">2017: A Year in Review</h1>


### Wow, it’s nearly the end of the year already! 2017 has really flown by and a lot of great things have happened. 

-*I finished my Bachelors Degree*  
-*I was granted Permanent Residency in Canada*  
-*I completed 3 shows at work*  
-*I was made a Lead Animator on two of the shows (Spiderman: Homecoming & the still Untitled Graphic Anthology project)*  
-*I bought a house! (well townhouse)*  
-*I started this blog and revamped this website from scratch*  
-*I started biking to/from work daily*  

You’ve probably noticed that I’ve been a bit absent from posting lately; this is mostly due to overtime kicking in at work and life getting in the way. Stay tuned though! I have a lot of content and posts in the works and once 2018 rolls around you can expect to see more updates around here.   

### Here’s a brief preview of the posts I have planned...  
-*Using Pointclouds for Animation Reference*  
-*Previs Tips & Tricks*   
-*Some reviews of fantastic resources related to texturing & shading. I’ve started to teach myself to try and improve the look of my own work*  
-*Continuation of my “VFX in Vancouver” series of posts including topics on cost of living, taxes, expat retirement options, transportation, a guide to Permanent Residency as an Animator (plus others!)*  
-*Reviews on a handful of awesome gadgets, tech, and hardware*  

Plus a whole lot more!  

Until then, stay tuned and have a good one!!  
